[Improvement]: Enhance document configs for more flexibility (#14765)
pimcore/pimcore: doc/23_Installation_and_Upgrade/09_Upgrade_Notes/README.md

- TargetingSessionBagListener - changed the signature of `__construct`.
- Removed deprecated methods `getObject()` and `setObject()` on the classes `Pimcore\Model\Document\Link` and `Pimcore\Model\DataObject\Data\Link`, please use `getElement()` and `setElement()` instead.
- Removed deprecated `Pimcore\Db\ConnectionInterface` interface, `Pimcore\Db\Connection` class and `Pimcore\Db\PimcoreExtensionsTrait` trait.

> - Removed deprecated `Pimcore\Routing\Dynamic\DocumentRouteHandler::addDirectRouteDocumentType()` method, please use the `pimcore.documents.type_definitions.map.%document_type%.direct_route` config instead.

Reviewer: maybe we should mention a line about the valid_tables change

- TargetingSessionBagListener - changed the signature of `__construct`.
- Removed deprecated methods `getObject()` and `setObject()` on the classes `Pimcore\Model\Document\Link` and `Pimcore\Model\DataObject\Data\Link`, please use `getElement()` and `setElement()` instead.
- Removed deprecated `Pimcore\Db\ConnectionInterface` interface, `Pimcore\Db\Connection` class and `Pimcore\Db\PimcoreExtensionsTrait` trait.
- Removed deprecated `Pimcore\Routing\Dynamic\DocumentRouteHandler::addDirectRouteDocumentType()` method, please use the `pimcore.documents.type_definitions.map.%document_type%.direct_route` config instead.

> - Moved `pimcore.documents.valid_tables` to the type definition it self `pimcore.documents.type_definitions.map.%document_type%.valid_table`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactored `pimcore.documents.valid_tables` to be an option under each document type definition (eg. `pimcore.documents.type_definitions.map.%document_type%.valid_table`) instead of an own array node
```

- Moved implementation of `PimcoreBundleAdminSupportInterface` from `AbstractPimcoreBundle` to bundle classes.
    Moved `getJsPaths`, `getCssPaths`, `getEditmodeJsPaths` and `getEditmodeCssPaths` from `AbstractPimcoreBundle` to `BundleAdminSupportTrait`.
- [Cache] Responses containing a header `Cache-Control: no-cache`, `Cache-Control: private` or `Cache-Control: no-store` will no longer be cached by the full page cache.
- [Documents] Configuration of document types has changed. Now it is possible to change the navigational behavior and more of each document type in the configuration.
```yaml
    documents:
        type_definitions:
            map:
                page:

>                     class: \Pimcore\Model\Document\Page

Reviewer: need to change the yaml config example under 
https://github.com/pimcore/pimcore/blob/14268-enhance-document-configs/doc/20_Extending_Pimcore/13_Bundle_Developers_Guide/08_Adding_Document_Types.md#2-register-the-document-on-the-document-type-map
